Updating docs with sidecar injection disabled (#15171)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/02-get-started/02-deploy-expose-function.md

Now that you've installed Kyma, let's deploy your first Function. We'll call it `hello-world`.

> >**NOTE:** Learn why you want sidecar and how to enabled them. Follow [Istio sidecars in Kyma and why you want them](../01-overview/main-areas/service-mesh/smsh-03-istio-sidecars-in-kyma.md), [Default Istio setup in Kyma](../01-overview/main-areas/service-mesh/smsh-02-default-istio-setup-in-kyma.md) and [Enable automatic Istio sidecar proxy injection](../04-operation-guides/operations/smsh-01-istio-enable-sidecar-injection.md)

Reviewer: The beginning of the note and the first link’s text are basically duplication. Can we shorten it?
```
>**NOTE:** Read about [Istio sidecars in Kyma and why you want them](../01-overview/main-areas/service-mesh/smsh-03-istio-sidecars-in-kyma.md). For more details, see [Default Istio setup in Kyma](../01-overview/main-areas/service-mesh/smsh-02-default-istio-setup-in-kyma.md) and learn how to [enable automatic Istio sidecar proxy injection](../04-operation-guides/operations/smsh-01-istio-enable-sidecar-injection.md)
```

If we can change the link order, this option would be even better:
```suggestion
>**NOTE:** Read about [Istio sidecars in Kyma and why you want them](../01-overview/main-areas/service-mesh/smsh-03-istio-sidecars-in-kyma.md). Then, check how to [enable automatic Istio sidecar proxy injection](../04-operation-guides/operations/smsh-01-istio-enable-sidecar-injection.md). For more details, see [Default Istio setup in Kyma](../01-overview/main-areas/service-mesh/smsh-02-default-istio-setup-in-kyma.md).
```

(Please apply to all of the NOTE occurrences)
